hey why is going on guys my name's long
sensation and stay would golf you guys's
episode 4 of my ho 2 gets down and and
royal two camels fast within call of
duty advanced warfare now because this
video has took some time to produce once
this video gets to 150 likes I'll then
upload the next episode in which will be
covering either easy double kills or
slide kills within call of duty advanced
warfare please put in the comment
section below which one you'd prefer and
whichever one gets the most comments and
upward that as soon as possible but
anyway guys make further ado let's jump
into today's video in which we're going
to be covering easy blood first is to
help you get your diamond and royalty
camels fast so one of the keys and being
able to get either blood fist is is by
having the correct attachment perks and
killstreaks that are going to unload you
to win gunfights as well as staying off
the enemy mini-map and of course
allowing you to understand where the
enemies are coming from for this video
we're going to be taking a quick rundown
of these attachments perks and
killstreaks you want to use as well as a
few other tips and tricks that are going
to allow you to win a lot more gunfights
now if you guys are struggling with your
M then there's going to be a brand new
miniseries coming to my channel all the
course of the next couple of weeks in
which is going to be dedicated to
helping you guys improve your aim within
advanced warfare so anyway guys make
further ado let's quickly take a look at
the class setup which is going to help
you get your blood fist is much more
easily though for this video we're going
to be looking at the submachine guns and
assault rifles because they are very
very similar in class setup and it's
very very easy to actually get your
blood first is with these weapons
however if you are struggling with mud
Fester's with the shotgun sniper rifles
heavy weapons or any other category
please put that in the comments section
below and i'll reply to that comments to
help you out as much as
possible but anyway let's quickly take a
walk at the class setup first of all
choose any submachine gun preferably an
elite version or a professional version
that has increased damage or range which
of course will allow you to win a lot
more gunfights for this example I'll be
using the MP 11 Goliath now for your
first attachment we're going to want to
pick an attachment that is going to keep
us off the enemy mini-map which of
course is going to be the silencer that
the silencer is a very very strong and
versatile attachment that will keep you
off the enemy mini-map and actually
reduce your recoil very very slightly
however because some of our weapons will
still have a lot of recoil we're gonna
stick the foregrip attachment on as well
now this is just going to reduce our
recall by a ton and allows to win a lot
more gunfights at much longer ranges for
our third attachment we're going to
choose extended mags father's submachine
guns which of course is going to prevent
us from reloading on a really frequent
basis therefore increasing our chances
of being able to stay alive no moving on
to our perks for our first perk we're
gonna choose low profile now this is by
far the best perk within this category
as it will keep you off the enemy
mini-map when the enemy is calling a UAV
once again keeping our class very very
stealthy a low angles to stay alive much
more easily for perk to we're gonna use
peripherals no peripherals is definitely
one of the most underrated perks of in
the game but if you guys don't feel that
this perk is necessary then I definitely
advise you guys to choose blind down
however i will be using peripherals for
this class setup as it will definitely
call inside with our killstreaks which
I'll get into a little bit later moving
on to perk free we're going to be using
two perks which is going to be toughness
of course allowing us to reduce our
flinch which will allow us to win a lot
more gunfights expecially at those
longer ranges and scavenger which is
going to allow us to replenish ammo
therefore if we run out of ammo halfway
through our blood thirsty we'll be able
to replenish that ammo and therefore be
able to get that blood thirsty for that
weapon for killstreaks first evolved
we're going to be using the UAV know the
reason for this is quite simple we
simply want to be able to find the
enemies much more easily and once the
UAV is called in the enemies will show
up on your mini-map for our second score
streak we're going to be using the
system hack no for example in my class
setup you can clearly see that both the
UAV and system hag are at 800 to 900
points which will be beyond the point of
actually getting our blood faster but
once you're actually going for your
blood Fister want is actually up 10 keep
going to obtain your score streaks and
then once you actually die you'll be
able to call in both of these increasing
your chances of getting a blood thirsty
for the second time in one single game
if you keep repeating this cycle you'll
find it incredibly easy and you'll be
able to get around four five maybe even
six bored fifties every single game and
finally for our last career to class
setup points we're going to be using the
excitability exhausting though the
reason for this is very very simple
we're going to be able to use this XO
ability 1 wherein incredibly tricky
situations and when we think we're going
to die so this is the final creator
class setup for these submachine guns
and if you want to use this setup for
the assault rifles advise the exact same
attachments perks and killstreaks and
xor bilities apart from changing the
extended mags for the stock attachment
know the reason for this on the assault
rifles is because you want to increase
mobility which will allow you to be a
more tricky target for the enemies and
allow you to stress and increase your
mobility to allow you to get a lot more
kills within the game so guys this has
been episode 4 of my Hodor gets diamond
and royal two camels fast within call of
duty advanced warfare as I said at the
beginning of the video
put in the comment section below what
you like in next episode either double
kills our slide kills and once this
video gets to 150 likes I'll then upload
that video as soon as possible but
anyway guys I Belong sensation thank you
very much watching and I'll see you guys
in the next vertor
you